---
title: FAQs
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

import { Image } from "astro:assets";
import submission from "../../../assets/images/submission.png";

## Can I submit someone else's content?

_Sort of._ If someone you follow who produces polyship content isn't tagging us,
please let them know about us and invite them to participate. We'd rather
content come directly from creators so that we know we have their consent to
include their works!

However, you can always submit polyship commissions you've paid for (both fanart
and fanfic), giveaways you've won, and gifts you've received. If your favorite
polyship creators have gone inactive, have left the fandom, or don't post to
tumblr, you can always create a fanfic or fanart rec list to recommend their
work.

We also accept inspiration posts (asks, challenges, prompts) that are not your
own original content, as long as they are made for polyships or general enough
they could be used for a polyship. You can tags us or submit inspiration posts
at any time!

## Can I submit more than one post for the queue?

**Please do!** We want as much participation as we can get every quarter. So if
you have multiple posts, feel free to submit all of them!

## I posted, but I haven't seen you reblog my post! Did you ignore me?!

Definitely not intentionally. On the off-chance we did miss your post, we're
very sorry. If we didn't get your post the first time, please reblog and mention
us again! We'd love to reblog your content.

## You mislabeled/mistagged my (OC's gender/OC's last name/ship configuration/rating to my fic, etc).

First, we're very, very sorry. We do our best to try to figure out how to
appropriately tag these things as we go. We use context clues, tags from AO3
links, tags on your post, etc, to figure out how to tag things. If you ever want
us to update a tag for your post feel free to send us an
[ask](http://dapolyshipping.tumblr.com/ask) or an email to
dapolyshipping@gmail.com, and we'll fix it ASAP. It's never a bother to ask us
for something to be tagged appropriately.

Thank you for your understanding!

## I'm new to polyshipping. What's the difference between A/B and B/C and A/B/C?.

The simplest explanation is who's in love with/having sex with who. In A/B and
B/C shipping B is involved with both A and C, but A and C aren't involved with
each other. In A/B/C shipping everyone is together emotionally or physically or
both.

An easier way to understand this is: `Dorian Pavus/m!Trevelyan` and
`m!Trevelyan/Cassandra` are a positive representation of a polyship as long as
everyone knows what's going on and is on board with the arrangement. Dorian and
Cassandra may never have sex or be involved romantically, but this is still a
valid polyship even without their interaction.

Meanwhile, in a `Solas/f!Lavellan/Cullen Rutherford` ship, all three parties are
having a good time with one another. This could be a sex only threesome or a
loving relationship between all three of them. Both interpretations are welcome
for DA Polyshipping Sharing.

## I don't have a tumblr. Can I still participate?

**Absolutely!** You can [submit](https://dapolyshipping.tumblr.com/submit) a
post from twitter, AO3, DeviantArt, or other site directly to the blog even
without a tumblr account.

To submit without an account, simply enter a name and email into the submission
form. You can use a fandom handle or even "anon" if you do not want to provide a
real name. If you do not want to provide an email feel free to use
**dapolyshipping@gmail.com** or even a fake address. We do not use your address
for anything and don't even see it.

<Image src={submission} alt="Submitting Anonymously" />

## Someone submitted something to your blog that plagiarizes my fic/someone has stolen my art and submitted it to you!

We are very, very sorry this has happened to you. We do have a policy in place
concerning plagiarism and art theft with some steps to take. Please take a
moment to read our information [On Art Theft](/docs/sharing/arttheft).

We do strongly encourage you to try to work things out amicably with the other
creator, but if it simply isn't possible we will remove the work which violates
your intellectual property rights. We would also like to encourage you to submit
your work yourself as long as it fits the scope of the blog.
