---
title: On Exchange Letters
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

import { Aside } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

[Exchange Letters](https://fanlore.org/wiki/Dear_Creator_Letter) (also known as
“Dear Creator", “Dear (Event) Author”, or “Dear Santa” letters for holiday
exchanges) are documents created to include with a gift exchange sign-up. They
are sometimes used in place of the `Prompt` field and sometimes in conjunction
with.

These letters often contain more in depth information which might not fit in the
AO3 `Prompt` field due to length; it can also be easier to include non-text
information (like links and images) in a letter as the `Prompt` field requires
basic HTML knowledge to do so. Letters often have information on general likes
and preferences, do not wants (DNWs), preferred formats for writing, art
preferences, in depth prompts, AUs, kinks, tropes, what you like about certain
ships or the fandom in general, etc. In exchanges that allow Original Characters
(like Arlathan eXchange) letters can also contain info on your OCs.

An all encompassing letter should contain everything your creator would need to
know in order to create a gift you would enjoy. A letter designed to be used in
conjunction with the `Prompt` field is usually shorter, containing only the
general information which applies to every request being made while the prompts
for the specific requests are placed into the `Prompt` field. Once written, you
can drop a link to it in each request in the `Letter/Additional Info` field of
your sign-up.

## What to Include

If you’re writing your first letter or are revising your current one, you might
be wondering where to start. We recommend starting by scrolling through your AO3
bookmarks and want to reads and jotting down any additional tags you see
repeated often or by thinking about what you use to filter when you’re searching
for something to read.

For **Do Not Wants**, think about what squicks you avoid, any triggers you might
have, things you exclude when you search, or things that just make you hit the
back button and not read a fic.

You can include things like specific points of view, tenses, styles of writing,
general tropes (fluff, angst, smut), or more specific tropes (wump, "only one
bed", etc). If that’s not helping or you feel like you’re forgetting something
check out the helpful links below with lists of common tropes, AUs, and
kinks/fetishes. As you scroll through them make sure to note your likes and
DNWs.

It’s definitely not necessary to list everything in the below lists as a like or
DNW. There are certain things which are going to be rare or non-existent in the
Dragon Age fandom (for example, underage fic isn’t common because most
characters are adults, compared to other fandoms like Harry Potter) but there
are others which are exclusive to Dragon Age (for example, _MCiT - Modern
Character in Thedas_). It’s more important that your letter hit the big points.
If your creator has questions they can always contact you on anon (if you have a
tumblr ask box with anon on) or work with the mod team so we can get more
details.

For **Do Not Wants**, you can also say, "DNW: Kinks other than requested." to
make sure that you're not surprised by sexual content you're not familiar with.

**Helpful Links**

- [List of Fan-fiction Kinks, Tropes, and Clichés](https://fanlore.org/wiki/List_of_Fan-fiction_Kinks,_Tropes,_and_Clich%C3%A9s)
- [AUs](https://fanlore.org/wiki/Alternate_Universe#Examples_of_AU_Subtypes)
- [Masterlist of Alternate Universes](https://ghostflowerdreams.tumblr.com/post/186404275867)
- [Kink List](https://wiki.f-list.net/Kink_Information)

  <Aside type="note" icon="document">

  This is an extensive kink list from a furry website intended to help furry
  roleplayers match; proceed with caution if this could squick you.

  </Aside>

## Where to Host Your Letter

The below options are useful for hosting your letters in a place where your
gifter can access it easily.

- **Google Drive/gDocs**

  By far the most popular place to host exchange letters currently, particularly
  if you have lots of text or want to include things like images, but are not
  familiar with code. You can create
  [jump links or link to other docs and external sites](https://edu.gcfglobal.org/en/googledocuments/linking-within-a-document/1/),
  [add images](https://getproofed.com/writing-tips/how-to-add-and-format-images-in-google-docs/),
  make lists or tables, use templates, etc.

  Using Google can be especially helpful if you’re requesting fanart of an
  original character. Simply drop your OC refs into a gDrive folder along with
  your character’s profile, and grab the share link for the whole folder (**make
  sure to set to people with link can view ONLY**) to put into your sign-up
  form.

- **Tumblr**

  You can also drop your letter into a regular [tumblr](http://www.tumblr.com)
  post or page. If you would like to keep your letter off your mutuals’ dashes
  you can make the post private and then a few hours (or days) later make it
  public. It will not appear on their dash if they sort by popularity or by
  timeline unless it suddenly gets a lot of likes.

  <Aside type="caution">

  Please be cautious about using tumblr pages as there are issues with them
  working for mobile users; the Android tumblr app often redirects from a page
  back to the blog homepage not allowing people to see the page.

  </Aside>

- **Dreamwidth/Wordpress/Other Blogging Site** Although not as widely used now
  as tumblr, Dreamwidth is still around and you can post on this site for your
  letter. Wordpress or other blogging sites like Blogger are not as popular for
  fandom endeavors, but they can absolutely be used for a fandom letter, too.

  <Aside type="caution">

  Dreamwidth has had to block users in Mississippi due to ongoing legal issues
  with laws requiring age verification. Please use another blogging site for
  your letter for now.

  </Aside>

* **Free Webhosts**

  If you're planning on reusing your letter, this can be a good option to make
  sure you don't lose it, particularly if you'd like to include images or other
  formatting. There are two main camps for free webhost: **No/Low Code** and
  **Coding Required**.
  - **No/Low Code**
    - https://sites.google.com - Google site builder. This is free as long as
      you have a gmail account. Templates are basic, but it's quick and simple
      to build a site with them.

    - [Wix.com](https://www.wix.com) - Has a site builder, but you can do some
      coding if you'd like. The disadvantge is that it forces a banner on your
      site for a free plan.

    - [Weebly.com](https://www.weebly.com) - similar to wix above!

  - **Coding Required**
    - [Neocities](https://www.neocities.org) - an homage to the old school
      geocities. We use them for the exchange website. They offer a large amount
      of space and allow all content (including adult content).

    - [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) and [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) -
      provide free webhosting with other benefits like automatic deployment from
      Github. More complicated than is necessary for just an exchange letter but
      are a great resource for anyone who has some coding knowledge and wants to
      build a website.

* **Your AO3 Profile**

  _Exchange Letters are not allowed to be posted as separate works on AO3_;
  however, according to the
  [AO3 Content FAQ](https://archiveofourown.org/tos_faq#content_faq) (we
  recommend using CTRL+F to search for “letter” to find the right question) you
  can post general likes/preferences on your profile which means you could use
  this space for a general letter designed to be used in addition to your
  `Prompt` field. Although you can do this, we think one of the other options
  above is a better idea, as profile space is relatively limited.

  We do ask that you do not post your letter as part of a separate work for this
  exchange since it is against AO3 rules. If we see that your letter is hosted
  on AO3 for the exchange, we'll ask you to move it somewhere else.
