---
title: AO3 & Non-Fanfic Works
sidebar:
  order: 7
---

Although AO3 does allow non-text fanworks to be archived on the site, as of now,
they do not host any non-text media, which means that images, videos, playlists,
etc, must be embedded from other hosts. However, we know that finding media
hosts now can be difficult, particularly for fannish and/or NSFW media, so we've
compiled a list of potential options for you, based on media type.

## Images

### Personally Recommended

- [Squidge Images](https://images.squidge.org/)

  **NSFW Safe**, Does Not Allow Loli/Shota

  [Squidge.org](https://squidge.org/) has been hosting various fandom endeavors
  from mailing lists to websites and more since 1994. Squidge is open for all
  fandom uses and allows NSFW fannish content.

### Other Good Options

_These hosts have not been used by the moderators personally, but may be good
alternatives to Squidge._

- [Catbox.moe](https://catbox.moe)

  **NSFW Safe**, **Safe for most fannish/non-commercial uses**

  Cannot be used for commercial uses or for video that will be embedded on other
  sites. Should be fine to embed images for display on AO3, but I would not
  upload commissions sheets, etc.

- [MediaFire](https://www.mediafire.com/)

  Not NSFW Safe, Has Copyright Infringement Provisions

  MediaFire has been recommended by other artists/exchanges and may be safe for
  use on AO3. We are not currently aware of any issues using MediaFire; however,
  you should be aware that their Terms of Service have a strong
  anti-pornographic/obscenity stance and also copyright infringement provisions.

### Iffy/Inadvisable/Potential Issues

- [filegarden](https://filegarden.com/)

  Placing this in the iffy pile because there is no terms of service, faq,
  copyright information, privacy policy, or information on who owns and runs
  this site. It might be fine, but please use it at your own risk.

- [Dropbox](https://dropbox.com)

  **Likely NSFW Friendly**, No Copyright Provisions

  Dropbox's Acceptable Use policy explicitly bans unlawful pornography and CSAM
  and there are no copyright or intellectual property rules listed which means
  it is likely safe for use for _most_ fannish images. However, there are very
  specific hoops to jump through to be able to embed images, and it may take
  some time and patience to find the correct link. We were successfully able to
  help someone embed from Dropbox last year, but it did take a couple of hours
  of experimentation to find the correct URL for the image.

- [Neocities](https://neocities.org) (and other webhosts)

  Although free Neocities has a relatively generous 1GB storage, webhosts are
  intended to be used for _websites_ and not for direct hotlinking. Hotlinking
  is when you directly link or embed an image or media file from one site to
  another site and impacts bandwidth usage. Simply put, all hosts have a limited
  amount of times they can or will serve certain data (including images) and
  hotlinking uses up that "time".

  It is possible by hotlinking to Neocities or other webhosts, you will use up
  your (or their) bandwidth which will prevent them from serving (or being able
  to serve) the media you've embedded. Hotlinking is typically considered poor
  netiquette, even though it is _required_ by AO3.

  Although we absolutely recommend Neocities to host your sites (ours is here!),
  we would discourage you from hotlinking from them as much as possible to
  ensure that they are able to remain around (and free!) for as long as
  possible!

  You can read up on
  [hotlinking](https://webmasters.stackexchange.com/questions/25315/hotlinking-what-is-it-and-why-shouldnt-people-do-it)
  and [bandwidth](https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-bandwidth-2625809) to
  understand a little more what we're talking about.

- Other Social Media Accounts

  Due to the hotlinking issue mentioned above, and how frequently social media
  sites change things in order to prevent hotlinking, it is not recommended that
  you use _any_ social media site as a host for your images. Although it may
  work _for now_, it is possible links may change or they may intentionally
  block hotlinking. This includes but is not limited to:
  - tumblr
  - Twitter
  - DeviantArt
  - Pillowfort
  - Instagram
  - Livejournal
  - Mastodon
  - Discord - _Intentionally blocks hotlinking after a limited time by rotating
    image links._

### Do Not Use

AO3's FAQ has been updated to include a list of sites which should not or cannot
be used to host images for their site. You can find the list
[here](https://archiveofourown.org/faq/posting-and-editing?language_id=en#embedimage).
In particular, we'd like to mention **Imgur** which updated their Terms of
Service in 2023 to explicitly ban hotlinking, and **Google Drive** which has
links that fail when embedded.

## Audio & Video

For audio and video to play inside of AO3's pages you can use a site with
pre-approved media players. You can find a list of pre-approved sites in the
[AO3 FAQs](https://archiveofourown.org/faq/posting-and-editing?language_id=en#hostsites).
All of the sites listed here have embed codes which will automatically work.

If you are comfortable with HTML, you may also be able to get other hosts (such
as [MediaFire](https://mediafire.com)) to work, even without them being
pre-approved. More information on how to do so is linked in the FAQ above.

## A Note On Meta & Fannish Non-fiction

While not a part of DA Polyshipping, fan meta and non-fiction such as character
analysis, timelines, essays, AO3 skins and how-tos, meta about your own
fanworks, and other non-fiction posts are allowed on AO3. When posting fannish
non-fiction, AO3's guidelines are that it be non-ephemeral (intended to be
relevant for a long time) and not what one would see in a journal or liveblog
(i.e. not reactions, summaries, step-by-step replays, etc).

For more details on fannish non-fiction, please see the
[AO3 Terms of Service FAQ](https://archiveofourown.org/tos_faq#nonfiction).
